hey guys Brady here with your daily
tennis lesson we've got a singles play
today you know a lot of times you guys
who play a lot of singles go out and
don't necessarily have a game plan
except to maybe make a lot of balls be
consistent go for winners every once in
a while so we're giving you a few plays
this week to try to have more specific
ideas about how to win singles points
and today's play is called the angle and
attack play and what's cool about this
is mark and I are gonna rally up the
middle of the court for a little bit and
at some point I'm going to attempt an
angle but what I think is great for a
lot of you guys is you do not have to
have such command of your angles that
you need to be hitting this shot really
early in the rally a lot of times it's
better for an angle to wait for the
opportunity to present itself meaning
maybe I was off the court a little bit
or up inside the baseline a little bit
with a with a ball that came a little
bit slower and at that point I felt more
comfortable hitting my angle okay but
the main idea here is that once I've hit
my angle if I see that mark is
relatively off the court
I want to attack him I want to get in
and hug that baseline and look for any
number of type of shots to hit quickly
to the open court before he has a chance
to recover and those shorter shots might
present themselves any number of ways it
could be a swing volley could be an on
the rise ball I might run up and take it
just as a traditional volley with with
that idea you guys just kind of be ready
for anything once you've hit a decent
angle don't feel like you know oh I hit
my angle and Brady said that the next
shot is a swing volley any number of
shots where I've kind of anticipated
that I'm going to be going forward might
present themselves and I want to be
ready for any one of those okay so let's
check out angle and attack here we go so
mark and I will hit up the middle until
I see a good
opportunity to hit angle I'm gonna stay
steady with him there's one oh not a
good enough angle so at that point I
might get back in my groove and there's
a better one so you guys can see I
attempted one angle earlier in that
rally and it wasn't good enough so at
that point I reset hit another shot or
two up the middle I felt like that last
angle got marked to a position more off
the court where at that point I felt
more comfortable stepping in and you can
see I was inside the baseline on that
specific play it was kind of a short
hopped forehand I play it to what I see
is the open court and it's a great way
for me mentally to play off my angles
and not just see Marco running off the
court if he's a good mover and happens
to retrieve well and comes back to the
middle if I haven't backed up that angle
with a with a play that attacks him a
little more I I kind of feel like the
angle goes to waste a little bit okay so
go out there again whether you are good
at pre-planning your angles or need to
just wait to see that you've hit a good
angle follow that shot up nowadays with
more of an attacking play okay so I hope
that was really helpful for you guys
please click like below this video and
if you happen to be watching on YouTube
please subscribe to our channel thanks
and we'll see you guys soon